
Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project
========
Student:  Art Haedike


The repo includes the following files:
=========================================

- 'README.me'

- 'CodeBook.me': Describes the data and the transformations performed to generate the resulting tidy data set.

- 'run_analysis.R': R script used to generate the resulting tidy data set.

- 'reshaped_data_project_output.txt': The resulting tidy data set generated by run_analysis.R.

Usage of the files:
====
1.  The original dataset at this link should be downloaded and unzipped to the local computer: https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip
2.  Launch your R environment and set the directory containing the unzipped data to your R working directory.
3.  Install the required package:
  * reshape2
4. Source the 'run_analysis' script to generate the resulting tidy data set.

License:
========
Use of the original dataset in publications must be acknowledged by referencing the following publication [1]

[1] Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Xavier Parra and Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz. Human Activity Recognition on Smartphones using a Multiclass Hardware-Friendly Support Vector Machine. International Workshop of Ambient Assisted Living (IWAAL 2012). Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. Dec 2012

This dataset is distributed AS-IS and no responsibility implied or explicit can be addressed to the authors or their institutions for its use or misuse. Any commercial use is prohibited.
